chore: a start at having explanations for every contract (#386)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/guide/contracts/escrow-to-vote.md

# Escrow To Vote

<Zoe-Version/>

##### [View the code on Github](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/master/packages/zoe/test/unitTests/contracts/escrowToVote.js)
##### [View all contracts on Github](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/tree/master/packages/zoe/src/contracts)

This contract implements coin voting. There are two roles: the
Secretary, who can determine the question (a string), make voting
invitations, and close the election; and the Voters, who can vote YES or
NO on the question. The voters can only get the capability to vote

> by making an offer using a voter invitation and escrowing assets. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by using a voter invitation to make an offer and escrowing assets. The
```

> brand of assets is determined on contract instantiation through an
> issuerKeywordRecord. The creator gets the only Secretary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An issuerKeywordRecord determines on contract instantiation the brand of the assets . The creator gets the only Secretary
```

Also remove the "The" at the end of the previous line if you do this.

Author: I think this one is less readable
